WEF Memo Reveals Plan to Depopulate the World of 1 Billion White People By 2030 

 The World Economic Forum in Davos has ordered global authorities to radically reduce the number of white people in the world by 2030.

If you thought the Great Replacement was nothing more than a conspiracy theory, you might want to think again.


You can unsubscribe any time. By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Use


According to a WEF report, white people are responsible for the vast majority of the world’s problems including climate change and colonialism, and in the interests of an equitable future for the globe, the number of white people must be reduced as a priority.

The WEF has enlisted the United Nations to help with the plan and the results are already playing out before our eyes.

Before we dive in, subscribe to the channel if you haven’t already, and join the People’s Voice Locals community to join our incredible community and support the channel.

The Netherlands has become one of the global elite’s testing grounds for the most extreme policies.

Just as the Netherlands was ground zero for the elite’s war on farmers, Dutch cities are also operating as laboratories for the elite’s plans to depopulate the world and radically alter demographics.

Eva Vlaardingerbroek reports from the Netherlands.

What is wrong with our leaders?

They are fully bought and paid for compromised reprobates who have hitched their wagon to the globalist agenda and take their orders directly from Davos.

Catching the elite in “mask off” moments is nothing short of terrifying.

Take for example footage of a top CDC official saying that the elites must “get rid of of all the whites in the United States” and replace them with immigrants to create a more compliant society.

Dr. Carol Baker was describing what she described as the “solution” at a panel discussion in New York City.

You won’t be surprised to hear that Baker was appointed Chair of the CDC’s Advisory Committee on Immunization by Barack Obama’s Health and Human Services Secretary in 2009.

She was also honored with the 2019 Albert B. Sabin Gold Medal at a D.C. ceremony sponsored by Pfizer and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.

Is anyone surprised that a Bill Gates-connected CDC official is openly suggesting depopulating America of white people who don’t cooperate with the elite’s vaccine agenda?

This is the same Bill Gates who told world leaders that it’s time to talk about “death panels” that will sentence ordinary, law-abiding people to death for the crime of being of no use to the elite.

This is the psychopathic world Bill Gates and his associates at the WEF are determined to usher in as part of their Great Reset and Great Replacement.

It gets even worse when you understand how far and wide their evil ideology has spread.

The globalist elite are no longer hiding their plans to depopulate the world by reducing the number of white people. This is a multi-pronged attack and we are now seeing what it looks like in real time.

Of course, the mainstream media are still operating under instructions from the elite to attack anybody who dares to express what they can see with their own two eyes.

They will attack you, shout you down, and pressure your employer to fire you. You might lose your bank account.

You are simply not allowed to talk about the human tragedy of Biden and Harris’ open border, even though Biden is on record laying out his great replacement vision in 2015 in plain English for everybody to understand.

Biden is a compromised puppet politician who has been shamelessly selling out America to the globalists for decades.

Now that he has been sacrificed by the global elite in favor of Kamala Harris and appears to have been replaced by a body double who is approximately eight inches taller than the last version, it is worth pointing out that the elite think we are incredibly stupid.

They really think we are not paying attention to the mountains of evidence proving the multi-pronged attacks maiming and killing the population all have one thing in common.

Chemtrails and mRNA disproportionately target white people in a way that is statistically impossible unless it’s by design.

Of course the plot to depopulate the world has been planned out in detail. The Covid vaccines have long been exposed as a bioweapon designed to cull the herd and depopulate the world.

But it gets even worse, as Robert F. Kennedy explained in New York City. The bioweapon is targeted to take out white people and spare other races.

We can’t allow the evil logic of ethnic bioweapons to become the new normal.

Here at the People’s Voice we are determined to expose the agenda of the globalist elite. But we need your help. Subscribe to the channel and share this video with anyone who needs the information. And join the Peoples Voice Locals community to support the channel and gain access to the community. I hope to see you there.
