Oxford Residents Mount Resistance Against the Sectioning of Their Streets 

 OXFORD RESIDENTS MOUNT RESISTANCE AGAINST THE SECTIONING OF THEIR STREETS

THE GREAT CLIMATE CON

Oxford residents are taking matters into their own hands and destroying the street zone sectioning barriers.

Oxford is going to be the centre of the resistance to the climate change madness in the UK.

.

Just recently there was a day of action by activists to kick start the year of fighting back. We predicted the UK was just getting started with their resistance, and here we have it. Taking matters into their own hands, Oxford residents are destroying street zoning barriers.

Now that’s quite beautiful to see.

Further action

There are further planned dates for activists to take to the streets in various forms of protest.

Piers Corbyn and friends are taking to the streets on Friday the 13th of January., Starting at Southwark tube in London.

Then an event which has potential to draw a large crowd with reports coming in people are making the trip down from as far as Manchester is taking place in Oxford on the 18th of February.

It’s very inspiring to see the people of the UK take matters into their own hands. This year is looking to be jam packed with resistance to The Climate Con. Continued coverage will be given on our website, newsletter and social media. Stay tuned for a disobedient 2023.

If you want to support the fight against The Climate Con, paid members get access to the 2nd part of The Climate Con Podcast. Or you can make a donation here.



The Liberty Beacon Project is now expanding at a near exponential rate, and for this we are grateful and excited! But we must also be practical. For 7 years we have not asked for any donations, and have built this project with our own funds as we grew. We are now experiencing ever increasing growing pains due to the large number of websites and projects we represent. So we have just installed donation buttons on our websites and ask that you consider this when you visit them. Nothing is too small. We thank you for all your support and your considerations … (TLB)



Comment Policy: As a privately owned web site, we reserve the right to remove comments that contain spam, advertising, vulgarity, threats of violence, racism, or personal/abusive attacks on other users. This also applies to trolling, the use of more than one alias, or just intentional mischief. Enforcement of this policy is at the discretion of this websites administrators. Repeat offenders may be blocked or permanently banned without prior warning.

say no to all the tyrants

do not let the fachist illuminati force human beings being forced into 15 minute prison cities which is a crime against humanity for a climate change scam this cabal invented to inslave us all.